Update FAQ + add s2n_negotiate example to Usage Guide (#3984)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/FAQ.md

# FAQ for s2n-tls

### Why is my connection using TLS1.0?

> It is possible that your security policy allows TLS1.0 and your peer only

Reviewer: I think we should start off with the assumption that the user is reading the packet capture wrong, as I feel like that's the kind of question we usually respond to. How many clients actually only support 1.0?

Author: haha starting off with "you're probably wrong" felt a little rude :) I'd like to keep the quick concession that the reader might not be asking the wrong question.

Reviewer: Alright I guess I'm just the mean one.

supports TLS1.0. However, if you're reading the version "TLS1.0" from a packet
capture, make sure that you're reading the right version field. The TLS protocol
includes several legacy version fields that have ossified, making it difficult
to understand what version was negotiated.

For backwards compatibility reasons, the version field in the TLS record header
is set to "TLS1.0" when sending the ClientHello message, and for later messages
is still never set higher than "TLS1.2".

> The ClientHello message itself contains another version field, which is also never set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ClientHello message has its own version field, which also will also never be higher than "TLS1.2" for the same reason.
```
Does this work?

higher than "TLS1.2".
If the client does support TLS1.3, it will include that information in the ClientHello

> "supported_versions" extension instead of any of the legacy version fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"supported_versions" extension instead of using the legacy version fields.
```

> s2n-tls offers [methods](USAGE-GUIDE/#protocol-version) to retrieve the correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
s2n-tls offers [methods](USAGE-GUIDE/#protocol-version) to retrieve the accurate protocol version without relying on the legacy fields.
```
